Mother Father
Ziwei, didn't you say there is anything?
Is there something important to announce?
What I have to announce is so important
Just take a look below.
Allow me.
Before the arrival of the handsome lady in Nanfeng City
Announce two important things
The first thing I do
I want to be in front of all the sincere and powerful
Thank you to someone who is very important to me
He is very helpful to me.
Without him
There is no me today
What General You had to say
He was afraid of his wife, Mrs. You
Give birth to a child for General You
run the house
Even took out his family
General in the army
Hahaha more than that
It is said that General Liu has been in the army these years
The required nutrients
It's all up to the cow warehouse to replenish it
Get this good wife couple
What do you want at this time?
Mom and Dad are going to redeem you
When I achieved nothing
He never gave up on me
Now I'm at the top
It is also his silent support behind the scenes
Without him
How can I become the general of Peking University today
Not to mention the night of prosperity
he
It was a moment in my life.
I also have so-called
Favorite of my life
How can it be in front of so many people?
Say something about love or not
Here we go.
Allow me to introduce my beloved to you
And the future wife of Peking University
Here he is.
Building Emperor daughter
Su Xiaolan